"Democracy." She spits the word like she’s tried it out for the first time and has decided she doesn’t like the taste. She shakes her head. "You really believe all this shit?"
"Of course I do," Nezha says, confused.
"That’s cute."
"Come on, Rin. We’re trying to build something new here."
"'We're trying to build something new here,'" she mimics, then goes back to sharpening her trident.
He gives up. She doesn’t want a good-faith debate, she wants to provoke him. He wonders sometimes if Rin even cares what she's fighting for, so long as she gets to fight.
She likes to joke about his republic; his and his fathers. She likes to call it his presumed inheritance. She thinks this is a war about ambition; for personal gain. She doesn't understand that he doesn’t want to rule. He doesn't want power. He doesn't want a kingdom.
But it's never mattered what he wanted. Your life is not your own.This lesson has been drilled into him from childhood. His life belongs to the people. His role in the future of the nation was determined before his birth.
"Our structure of government is the worst thing about this empire," he insists. "It's what's held us back for centuries. Democracy is the only way forward."
"It certainly seems like what's best for the House of Yin," she said. "What do you do when they vote for someone else?"
"Then there's a peaceful transition of power."
"Oh, that's likely."
He can't refute her cynicism. Rin thinks everyone's out for themselves. Duty is not a concept she understands, because she is beholden to no one. She's tied to nothing. There's no weight sinking her down. She has her secrets, her painful memories, but she doesn't drown in them. She ignores them, shoves them aside, sets them on fire.
Nezha wonders what it’s like to be that reckless, that free.
"Come on," Rin says. "Be honest. It makes no difference to me if you’re just swapping one emperor for another."
"But that's precisely it," he says. "The imperial system has to change. One person can't rule the entire nation. Government must be decentralized."
"See, that's why I don't believe you."
"Why not?"
"Because you're about to be the ones in power," she says. "And because you never decentralize power once you've got it. I wouldn't."
"Well, we all know you wouldn't."
She gives him a look. "That's not my cynicism, Nezha. That's human nature."




